Grandpa, Ellen, Philip, Robbie, you and me.
That's six stakes.
Don't forget Susan.
Seven stakes.
Cooking dinner for the entire family is not so easy.
The shopping, the salad, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, and onions.
The main course, steak, and potatoes.
Richard, how much broccoli do I need for seven people?
Marilyn, I have to tell you something.
At today's exercise class.
Yes, Richard.
Well, um, I didn't really exercise.
I knew it.
I wanted to, but Jack Davis needed a photographer.
I'm sorry, Marilyn.
I don't understand. Did you exercise or not?
No. Instead of exercising, I photographed the class.
And you didn't exercise.
No.
There's another advanced class.
Today at 4 o'clock.
We'll go together.
What about the bed?
Oh, the bed is still on.
But, uh, you shop for the groceries.
Remember, you win an I-cooked dinner for the entire family.
You win an I-cooked dinner for the entire family.
Including Susan.
4 o'clock at the advanced exercise class with me.
This is fun.
It's a piece of cake.
Yeah, just wait.
5, 6, 7, go right.
1, 2, back, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3.
Tony, Tony.
1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3.
A pink and a twist.
Here's a twist.
I do a chimp.
I can barely move.
Two, three, four, 5.
Now we're going to write off.
Front.
These are key.
Hey, you're not my jagged place.
Yeah, you've done these up.
All right, that's it for today.
Thank you, everyone.
See you next week.
Thank you, Jack, but no thank you.
The advanced exercise class is not so easy, huh?
No.
No, you were right.
I was wrong.
Come on, Richard.
Get off.
Let's go.
You have to put dinner for the entire family.
I'm exhausted.
I can't move.
Well, you'll do it.
It's a piece of cake.
Excuse me, Richard.
And, Alan, you are its terrific instructor, Jack.
Thanks.
But I have a question.
Is this your very first advanced aerobic class?
Yes, it is.
You are in great shape, Richard.
Very few people last in this class for the full hour, the very first time.
Oh, that's true.
You are in great shape.
Thanks.
I will cook dinner together.
Okay.
Thank you.